[Joy] Add Tabs components (#33664)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/joy/components/tabs/tabs.md

}
```

### Basic usage

The tabs structure follows [WAI ARIA design pattern](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/patterns/tabpanel/).
To target the initially selected tab, specify the `value` prop to the `TabPanel` and use `Tabs`'s `defaultValue`.

{{"demo": "TabsBasic.js"}}

### Variant

Both `TabList` and `Tab` accept [global variant](/joy-ui/main-features/global-variants/) values, so you can mix and match to get the desired result.

:::info
ℹ️ **Note:** the `TabPanel` component is the only one that doesn't support both global variant and color props.
:::

{{"demo": "TabsVariants.js"}}

### Disabled tab

To disable a tab, use the `disabled` prop on the `Tab` component.

{{"demo": "TabDisabled.js"}}

### Vertical

To set the tabs orientation to vertical, use the `orientation="vertical"` on the `Tabs` component.
Keyboard navigation (e.g. arrow keys) will adapt automatically to the used orientation.

{{"demo": "TabsVertical.js"}}

### Icon

Since `TabList` uses the same style as the [`List`](/joy-ui/react-list/) component, you can use the icon directly as a child or use `ListItemDecorator` with a text.

{{"demo": "TabsIcon.js"}}

{{"demo": "TabsIconWithText.js"}}

### Accessibility

> For ensuring proper accessibility, it's recommended by the XXX to associate a label to the Tabs component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For ensuring proper accessibility, it's recommended by the NAME HERE to associate a label to the Tabs component.
```

Can we add a source for this recommendation?

Author: Added!
